#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aenum==3.1.15
    # via ai-api-client-sdk
ai-api-client-sdk==2.0.4
    # via ai-core-sdk
ai-core-sdk==2.1.1
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
aiohttp==3.9.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   ai-core-sdk
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
generative-ai-hub-sdk==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hdbcli==2.20.15
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain[openai]==0.1.16
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
langchain-community==0.0.33
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.0.8
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.49
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.20.2
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.10.0
    # via
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.1
    # via langsmith
overloading==0.5.0
    # via generative-ai-hub-sdk
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.6.0
    # via
    #   generative-ai-hub-sdk
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.1
    # via pydantic
pyhumps==3.8.0
    # via ai-api-client-sdk
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2023.12.25
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ai-api-client-sdk
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.25
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
